Magic does not “stack.” This is expressed as three separate but related rules.

1. A subject cannot be under the influence of the same spell effect (pp. 15-16) from different rituals. For example, you cannot cast Lesser Strengthen Body to give someone ST+1 and then cast another Lesser Strengthen Body to give the same person Ambidexterity. In such a case, the spell which took more energy to cast remains, while the other fizzles without effect. (You could have cast a single spell which combined two Lesser Strengthen Body effects, however.) For these purposes, a Greater effect and Lesser effect are two different things – Greater Strengthen Body to add DR 4 would overlap just fine with any one of the spells mentioned above.
2. . Similar results from different rituals are never cumulative with each other, regardless of the spell effect used. For example, if someone is under the effect of Lesser Control Chance for +4 to rolls to remain undetected and Lesser Strengthen Body for +3 to Stealth rolls, he does not get +7 to Stealth! Only use the highest bonus (in this case, +4). However, if he also had a ritual giving him Luck, he could use his Luck to reroll one of those failed Stealth rolls, because “a reroll” and “a skill bonus” are not similar benefits. As well, if another ritual gave a guard -3 to Hearing, that would be fine; it benefits the sneaky subject, but it doesn’t actually interact with his Stealth skill at all. The GM has the final say on how “similar” two results are.
3. . Spells cannot make anyone better at using magic. A ritual can never give a bonus to spellcasting, bestow Magery or Ritual Adept, etc. (It could add Magic Resistance or drain Magery, however.) Unlike normal Luck, Luck granted via ritual cannot be used for spellcasting. While a spell can add HP or FP to a subject, these cannot be sacrificed for magical energy. Traditional trappings (p. 19) conjured via spell are worthless for reducing energy costs. And so on. This restriction only applies to spells; permanent magic, such as that found in places of power (pp. 32-33) and enchanted items (pp. 33-35), can make a caster better at using magic!